zh-trans: add  volume-plugin.md (#11444)
kubernetes/website: content/zh/docs/reference/glossary/volume-plugin.md

---

> title: 卷（Volue）插件

Author: Thanks！

- core-object
- storage
---
-->

<!--
 A Volume Plugin enables integration of storage within a {{< glossary_tooltip text="Pod" term_id="pod" >}}.
-->

卷（Volume）插件可以让 {{< glossary_tooltip text="Pod" term_id="pod" >}} 集成存储。

<!--more--> 

<!--

> A Volume Plugin lets you attach and mount storage volumes for use by a {{< glossary_tooltip text="Pod" term_id="pod" >}}. Volume plugins can be _in tree_ or _out of tree_. _In tree_ plugins are part of the Kubernetes code repository and follow its release cycle. _Out of tree_ plugins are developed independently.

Reviewer: A Volume Plugin lets you attach and mount storage volumes for use by a {{< glossary_tooltip text="Pod" term_id="pod" >}}. Volume plugins can be _in tree_ or _out of tree_. _In tree_ plugins are part of the Kubernetes code repository and follow its release cycle. _Out of tree_ plugins are developed independently.

=>
卷（Volume）插件允许您附加和装载存储卷，供  {{< glossary_tooltip text="Pod" term_id="pod" >}}  使用。卷（Volume）插件可以是 _in_tree_ 也可以是 _out of tree_。_in tree_plugins 是 Kubernetes 代码库的一部分，遵循其发布周期。_Out of tree_plugin 是独立开发的。

Author: done!

-->

> 卷（Volume）插件让您能给 {{< glossary_tooltip text="Pod" term_id="pod" >}} 附加和装载存储卷。卷（Volume）插件既可以是 _in tree_ 也可以是 _out of tree_ 。_in tree_ 插件是 Kubernetes 代码库的一部分，并遵循其发布周期。而 _Out of tree_ 插件则是独立开发的。

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
卷插件允许您附加和装载存储卷以供 {{< glossary_tooltip text="Pod" term_id="pod" >}} 使用。卷插件既可以是 _in tree_ 也可以是 _out of tree_ 。_in tree_ 插件是 Kubernetes 代码库的一部分，并遵循其发布周期。而 _Out of tree_ 插件则是独立开发的。
```

Author: 多谢Review！
感觉两种翻译意思都一样，上面的翻译更符合语言习惯一些。
卷（volume）是为了更加清楚。
建议保持原来的翻译。您觉得呢？

Reviewer 2: 卷（volume）注解已经在上文提及，因此无需做过多标注。

Author: 也对，这个可以的。

Author: 已改，多谢
